3. Twinrix vaccine. 0, 1, 6 月
0月: 歡迎你蒞臨123醫務中心。剛才已為你接種了第一針甲乙型混合肝炎預防針，第二，三針將會在1，5個月後接種。乙型肝炎主要透過母嬰，血液和性接觸三種方法傳染。甲型肝炎主要是透過受污染的食水，污水清洗的生果和食用海鲜傳染。完成接種疫苗後可預防甲 / 乙型肝炎所引發的急性肝炎，肝衰竭和肝癌。
immediate sms: Welcome to 123 Medical Centre. You have just received your first dose of hepatitis A, B Twinrix vaccine. The second and third dose will be 1, 5 month later respectively. Hepatitis A is transmitted by consumption of contaminated water, seafood and fruit cleaned by contaminated water. Hepatitis B is transmitted via mother-to-infant, blood borne and sexual contact. Upon completion of the hepatitis A, B Twinrix vaccination, one is protected against acute hepatitis, cirrhosis and hepatocarcinoma. 

之後的sms: 温馨提示。親愛的客戶，你在123醫務中心接種的甲乙型肝炎預防針，第二/三針已到期，你可以在診所辦工時間內來接種疫苗。請確定你身體狀況良好，沒有發燒，未來二天不需做劇烈運動。期待你的來臨！
Warm Reminder. Dear customer, your order on hepatitis A / B Twinrix vaccine, second / third dose is due now. You may visit 123 medical centre during the opening hours for the vaccination. Please be re



2. Hepatitis A vaccine。0,6個月
0月: 歡迎你蒞臨123醫務中心。剛才已為你接種了第一針甲型肝炎預防針，第二針將會在6個月後接種。甲型肝炎主要是透過受污染的食水，污水清洗的生果和食用海鲜傳染。完成接種疫苗後可預防甲型肝炎所引發的急性肝炎。
immediate sms: Welcome to 123 Medical Centre. You have just received your first dose of hepatitis A vaccine. The second 
dose will be 6 month later. Hepatitis A is transmitted by consumption of contaminated water, seafood and fruit cleaned by contaminated water. Upon completion of the hepatitis A vaccination, one is protected against acute hepatitis. 

之後sms: 温馨提示。親愛的客戶，你在123醫務中心接種的甲型肝炎預防針，第二針已到期，你可以在診所辦工時間內來接種疫苗。請確定你身體狀況良好，沒有發燒，未來二天不需做劇烈運動。期待你的來臨！
Warm Reminder. Dear customer, your order on hepatitis A vaccine, second dose is due now. You may visit 123 medical centre during the opening hours for the vaccination. Please be reminded that you should feel good, no fever and no vigorous exercise in coming few days before coming for vaccination. We are looking forward to your visit.



1. hepatitis B vaccine。0,1,6個月. 
0月: 歡迎你蒞臨123醫務中心。剛才已為你接種了第一針乙型肝炎預防針，第二，三針將會在1，5個月後接種。乙型肝炎主要透過母嬰，血液和性接觸三種方法傳染。完成接種疫苗後可預防乙型肝炎所引發的急性肝炎，肝衰竭和肝癌。
immediate sms: Welcome to 123 Medical Centre. You have just received your first dose of hepatitis B vaccine. The second and third dose will be 1, 5 month later respectively. Hepatitis B is transmitted via mother-to-infant, blood borne and sexual contact. Upon completion of the hepatitis B vaccination, one is protected against acute hepatitis, cirrhosis and hepatocarcinoma. 

之後的sms: 温馨提示。親愛的客戶，你在123醫務中心接種的乙型肝炎預防針，第二/三針已到期，你可以在診所辦工時間內來接種疫苗。請確定你身體狀況良好，沒有發燒，未來二天不需做劇烈運動。期待你的來臨！
Warm Reminder. Dear customer, your order on hepatitis B vaccine, second / third dose is due now. You may visit 123 medical centre during the opening hours for the vaccination. Please be reminded that you should feel good, no fever and no vigorous exercise in coming few days before coming for vaccination. We are looking forward to your visit.